# Insomnia MudServer - A C++ Mud CodeBase

This project aims to create a modern C++ mud code-base. 
Using C++11 standards (Mostly ;D) and Using the Boost ASIO library.

# Information Station


How can I help?

    1. Join The Slack

[The Jay-Codes Slack ](https://join.slack.com/t/jaycodes/shared_invite/enQtNTUzMDU2MDM2NzIyLWQyMGQ5MmMxMDUwYzhiMWUwYjQwNmQ2NGE5ODA0ZjJhMGEwODc5ODEyZjlmMmU0NmMyMzIwOTkzNTc5NmRkZTc)



    2. Code review Me!

This will help me personally grow as I am always looking for input on my code, please feel free to comment on styling, syntax, formatting, design, and logic! I am always looking to refactor my code, and grow as a developer. Code reviews help this! Code reviews can be sent to me via email: jasonalanterry@gmail.com

    3. Contrbute!

Feel free to ask what needs done, or make a PR. Althought this is sort of a dictatorship in terms of project management and direction, I am really looking for folks to work with me on a team, and maybe breath a little life into MUD programming using C++.

Who do I talk to?

    Project Lead: Jason Terry @ jasonalanterry@gmail.com



# Build Instructions

## To build on windows using VS 2017.

1. Download Boost (We are currently using v 1_67_0)
    
    a. [Boost 1_67_0](https://www.boost.org/users/history/version_1_67_0.html)

    b. Further documentation on getting boost working on windows can be found [here.](https://www.boost.org/doc/libs/1_68_0/more/getting_started/windows.html)

2. It would be wise to extract boost to `C:\`

3. Clone this repo, then open the cloned VS Project in VS Studio Commnuity 2017.

4. Configure the project, following these steps.
    
    * Right-click the project in the Solution Explorer pane and select Properties from the resulting pop-up menu

    * In Configuration Properties > C/C++ > General > Additional Include Directories, enter the path to the Boost root directory, for example

        `C:\boost_1_67_0`

    * In Configuration Properties > C/C++ > Precompiled Headers, change Use Precompiled Header (/Yu) to Not Using Precompiled Headers

    * Replace the contents of the example.cpp generated by the IDE with the example code above.

    * From the Build menu, select Build Solution.

5. Compile the project, hope all went well. If you have any issues reach out to me and we can compare environments as see what went wrong.

